hello all for a new video of
create that I do not feel it we are
on minecraft
I want to show you how to get on
a horse and create a rope then we
let's go already
take a hand without anything right-click
have to wait here is to adopt it
finally for that and better then it takes
wait for a leak laura dekker it's up to
to say that it will be good to take then
time or it can make
first blow ah the sidewalks here
here
so we'll take a seat we shall
to put
like that we can climb on it but
we can put armor to keep
diamond for its most stylish stage that
his protected
now let's go to the donkey
here it is here we are going to do it's the same
that horse a hand without anything and we do
Hydro expect that there are hearts has
the spring has no heart go go there
to go there when I tell you that can
take his but want to be here
so
which is good with nan we can put
an inventory look like that you
will take fucking body maybe a little
break we shoot justo the spider
sorry for this interruption
that's why searched here then
how do you see me him and here I am
like that you are you see all these
cards on one side you can put some
stuff inside here delay it by
example you are going for something
convenient
that's what's good in the
logic
now i'm going to show you how
to make a rope because you see there
they were clinging a rope so in
you create a kraft table worth
position like that on a rope
the three cities in boulay and its shape
thanks to the rope
look we can shoot with or do not know
ask that
take the rope and here you say it and
I think it's pretty handy
the agreement because if you have one
you have to go somewhere I have
not want to let you just take
the rope
that was because I hope that
this sum will not have any more hi all
the world